That was how it all
began...
Go, my Star Seed, my
Light of Hope, to the
ends of the galaxy...
Find a star that will
embrace you...
A star that will one
day arise to fight
for love and
for justice.
She is about to
awaken!
[gasping]
...the Light of Hope
I sent out into the
galaxy.
That miserable light!
The Light of Hope?
[flinching]
Usagi's Love: The
Moonlight Illuminates
the Galaxy
Sailor Moon...
Who's there?
I have been searching
all this time...
... for someone
who would embrace me.
But who are you?
I am the radiance of
the star that was
once within
Galaxia... the Light
of Hope.
The Light of Hope?
Please accept this...
My life's spark.
[smiling]
So warm and gentle.
What--?
I beg you... Please
reignite the Light of
Hope in this galaxy.
To that end, I grant
you this sword.
A sword?
Use this Sealing
Sword on Galaxia.
But I--
There's no time to
hesitate...
It is the only
way to end this
battle.
I won't let you!!
[screaming]
[grunting]
[gasping]
Sailor Moon!
Use the sword on
Galaxia! Now!
But--
[yelling]
[gasping]
Do not hesitate!
I cant.
[yelling]
[grunting]
What?
Mm!
How impudent!
So that's it.
You intend to seal me
away by force...
using that sword.
Just as she once did.
But power alone can
not defeat me.
[grunting]
For this body belongs
to Sailor Galaxia,
the most powerful
Guardian in the
galaxy.
What do you mean?
Prepare yourself...
Sailor Moon!!
[gasping]
[yelling]
[grunting]
I have obtained Star
Seeds from countless
worlds...
In the name of Chaos,
I will rule this galaxy!
[struggling]
Don't do this.
What's that?!
Fighting like this,
it serves no purpose!
You still spout that
nonsense?!
I will bring an
end to this!
[gasping]
And end to the
Sailor Wars
that have been waged
since the dawn of
the galaxy.
And I will do it by
wiping out the light
of every single star.
Including you...
And that wretched
Light of Hope that
this body left behind!
Galaxia!
She is no longer
Galaxia.
[gasping]
Galaxia's body is
now under the complete
control of Chaos.
From the moment she
sealed Chaos within
herself, it has
slowly corrupted her
body.
She left behind one
ray of hope. She cut
off her Star Seed,
which was still
untainted,
and released it
into the galaxy.
Eventually, it found
its way here, to you.
So Chibi-Chibi
is...
But now, it is too
late... Please,
Sailor Moon...
Save the galaxy
with that sword
you hold.
I can't...
[yelling and grunting]
Please stop!
You want me to stop?
Then tell me,
why have you got
that sword in your
hand?
[gasping]
I think you actually
want this as much as
I do...
This battle!
No!!
Yes, you do!!
[gasping]
[yelling]
Please, Sailor
Moon... you
must fight.
You must stop
her. Stop Galaxia!
No! Not like this!
Please!
I won't do it!
[yelling]
No!!
[whimpering]
[gasping]
Curse you!
[yelling]
[gasping]
[chuckling] It's
over... The Light of
Hope you believed in
has been shattered.
The sword!
[trembling]
Chibi-Chibi..!
Now there is no one
left in the galaxy
who can stop me!
No, this isn't
right.
Hm?
There's nothing
good that ever comes
out of fighting!
You just end up
hurting one
another...
Oh, Chibi-Chibi,
I'm sorry.
In the end, you've
proven only that you
haven't the courage
or the pride of a
true Guardian!
If being a Guardian
means hurting
others...
then I don't
want it.
Nothing good ever
comes out of
fighting.
You know, violence
isn't the only way
to solve things.
What--?!
So you've given up
then, Sailor Moon?
No. In fact, I'm far
from it.
You see, the thing is
I love this world.
You what?
It may be filled with
pain and sadness, but
I still love it...
...because this world
is where I was able
to meet everyone.
You know it too,
don't you?
How wonderful
this world is?
Stop talking
nonsense!
[gasping and groaning]
If you won't fight
for this world,
then you're not
fit to defend it!
All of your friends
are gone
because you weren't
strong enough to
protect them.
They're not gone.
What?
The Star Lights
taught me that... As
long as I don't
give up, my friends
will always be with
me.
If I were to give up,
lose hope, stop
trying...
Only then would they
be truly gone.
That's why I
won't lose hope...
...why I will never
give up.
How dare you!
[grunting]
You're wasting your
time, Sailor Moon!...
Your pathetic little
light will never be
able to illuminate
the galaxy!
Yes, it can!
I'll embrace...this
whole world!
Fool!
[screaming]
Sailor Moon!!
Now that you've
chosen not to
fight...
And forfeited your
pride as a Guardian...
What can you
possibly do?!
[screaming]
All that's left for
you to do is to hand
your light over to me
and then fade quietly
out of existence!
No, I won't give
up. Never...
Not while I still
have faith.
What?!
Faith in this world
that I love... This
world that
everyone's worked
so hard to protect...
And faith in the
fragment of hope that
still remains there...
...somewhere...in
your heart.
What the hell is she
doing?
I have faith... in
the fragment of hope
that still remains
there...somewhere in
your heart.
I have faith
in you.
So, please...
This cant be
happening.
I love it. I love
this world...
This world that's
home to all living
beings...
I don't wanna lose
it. Or anyone in it.
And that...
includes you.
Stay back! Keep away
from me!
What--?!
Impossible!
Yes, you're right.
I, too, love this
world...
I love it with
all my heart!
I can see it, Sailor
Moon...
I can see your
light...
It's so warm... And
so gentle...
[horrified gasping]
[screaming]
Thank you, Sailor
Moon... You have
illuminated the
entire galaxy with
your light.
It's such a loving
and gentle light...
and so warm.
Do you think
Chaos is gone
for good?
I think it's
just gone back
to where it was
always meant to be.
Was meant to be?
Yes.
Inside the hearts of
everyone.
You're saying it
will happen again?
Have faith.
Uh.
Let's have faith in
the people of this
world we both love...
It'll be all right.
After all, don't
forget that the Light
of Hope resides
within everyone's
heart as well.
You're so
strong and pure.
But I-I can never
make amends for all
the terrible
things I've done.
Just start over. From
the beginning.
It's never too late
for someone to have a
second chance.
Now...guide the Star
Seeds back where
they belong.
So they don't
lose their way.
Thank you...
...Sailor Moon.
Well, everyone... I
did my best...
But it's so lonely,
being all by myself.
[sniffling] I'm
not... as strong
as she says.
I'm lonely...
everyone!
You're not alone.
[gasping]
Everyone!
You're not alone,
Usagi.
We'll always be
with you.
Rei! Ami!
We all believed
in you.
We knew you would
come through for us
in the end.
Mako... Minako...
Is this another
dream?
No, it's not.
[gasping]
You saved this world.
All on your own.
By having faith
in others.
Haruka... Michiru...
Thank you so
much, Usagi.
Yes, well done.
Hotaru. Setsuna.
Everyone! Thank
goodness.
Usako.
[gasping]
Chibi-Chibi.
This little girl
helped me... find my
way back to you.
Mamo.
I'm proud of you...
Usako.
Mamo!
It's all over.
Everything's okay
now.
[nodding]
Chibi-Chibi?
Thank you.
(thinking)
Thank you,
Chibi-Chibi.
The Light of Hope
resides within
everyone's heart.
Sailor Moon taught
us that.
And what it means to
believe.
She is indeed an
angel on Earth.
[gasping]
Princess!
It's a miracle!
Thank goodness.
You've returned
to us.
Welcome back.
Yes.
(thinking)
Thank you...
all of you.
Do you really
have to go?
Yes. Our people are
waiting for us back
on our home planet.
We're going to
start building
a new world.
With the
princess.
Well, good luck!
Huh??
Huh?
Thank you, Luna.
[blushing]
Luna!!
[snickering]
Hey, Bun-head...
Hm?
I'm really glad
you finally got your
boyfriend back.
It's thanks to
you, Seiya.
I was able to
keep going...
... cause you were
there for me.
Bun-head, I--
Hm?
Uh-- I just want you
to know that I'll
never forget you.
Yeah! No matter what
happens, we'll always
be friends!
Uh. Are you
for real?!
-[laughing]
Well, at least
you tried.
Huh?
She doesn't get it.
She so doesn't.
Ami! What's that
supposed to mean?
Usagi, if you don't
get it by now,
you're never
gonna get it.
What am I
never gonna get?
You can't really be
that clueless!
Yes. I can! That's
why I'm asking!
Ah, just forget
it, you'll never
understand.
[groaning]
You're so
mean, Rei!
[giggling]
Now let us be
on our way.
Mamoru!
Huh?
I want you to protect
her from now on.
Had you for a
second there.
I got that line
from this smug
jerk I know.
Don't you worry.
[smirking]
Well, so long,
Bun-head!
Take good care.
Farewell.
Thank you so much for
all you've done.
Bye now.
We'll miss you.
Every one of you.
Safe journey.
Come and visit
us anytime.
We'll all be
waiting.
Until then.
(thinking)
Thank you, Seiya.
Look! A shooting
star!
So, what did
you wish for?
[giggling]
That's a secret.
What did you
wish for?
It's a secret.
No fair!
So they're going
home.
Yeah... I guess those
guys aren't shooting
stars anymore.
They're real stars
lighting up the
night.
You're right.
Hey! What did
you two wish for?
What more is
there to wish for?
We're as happy as
we could be right
now...
... Aren't we,
Haruka?
Yeah.
Mamo?
Hm?
Do you... love me?
Yeah.
Really?
But how much?
What's gotten into
you all of sudden?
Say it. How much?
Well, okay...
Just being with you
makes my life complete.
[giggling]
I'm Usagi Tsukino.
I'm sixteen years
old, and go to Juban
High School. I'm a
bit of a klutz, and
get teased for being
a crybaby... But the
truth is, I'm the
Pretty Guardian who
fights for love and
for justice...
I... am
Sailor Moon.
The End.
(in unison)
See ya!